updated ttid/ttfd docs for app start timestamp (#992)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/performance/time-to-initial-full-display.mdx

    When the SDK creates a new screen load transaction
    Then the Full Display span is started

Scenario: App started
    Given the enableTimeToFullDisplay option is enabled
    When the app starts

>     And the SDK start the span

Reviewer: Should the SDK also change the recorded measurements? If so, please add it to this scenario.

Author: The measurement is always the span duration. If the timestamp is changed, the span duration changes, so the SDK shouldn't do anything special regarding it.
At least this is how i see it. Would it make more sense to explicitly list it in the scenarios? (including all the other scenarios when the SDK modifies the start or end timestamp of the span)

Reviewer: Yes, I would explicitly list that in this scenario.

Author: @philipphofmann is the wording fine?

>     And the SDK start the span
>     Then the SDK aligns the span start timestamp to the app start timestamp

Reviewer: I think that's a bit cleaner
```suggestion
    The SDK sets the start timestamp of the Time to Initial Display and Time to Full Display span to the app start timestamp.
```

Scenario: App started
    Given the enableTimeToFullDisplay option is enabled
    When the app starts
    Then the SDK sets the start timestamp of the Time to Initial Display and Time to Full Display span to the app start timestamp

>     And the SDK will update the `time_to_initial_display` and `time_to_full_display` measurements accordingly

Reviewer: `l`: we use the present tense above, so we can also use it here to align.
```suggestion
    And the SDK updates the `time_to_initial_display` and `time_to_full_display` measurements accordingly
```
